# locker_company
a program that will create, update, query and delete storage lockers. Each locker is represented as a process in the system which is created by your management process. Signals can be sent to the locker process to change the state of the locker outside of the management process.  A locker process is made up of:  Process ID (pid) : (unique to process creation)  Locker ID : Creation order, Unsigned integer, starts at 1, always increments  User Id : Unsigned integer  Locked/Unlocked state  Owned/Free state  Two signal handlers (SIGUSR1 and SIGUSR2)  The default states of a locker when created:  Locked  No Owner (Detached)  A locker can be in 4 states, {Locked, Free}, {Locked, Owned}, {Unlocked, Free} and {Unlocked, Owned} states. Lockers are kept in a queue (or a data structure of your choosing) for reuse. Your program must be able to provide reporting on the current state of the lockers and handle commands from standard input.  Each locker needs to handle a SIGUSR1 and SIGUSR2 signals. SIGUSR1 locks the locker and SIGUSR2 unlocks the locker.  Your management process must be able to create lockers by using the CREATE command that will create a new process that your management program will manage.  Helpful Note! If heap data has been allocated, then newly created locker should immediately free this upon execution.  Your management process will also receive requests to decommission a locker (DELETE). Part of your inter-process communication protocol needs to incorporate a way to decommission a locker.  You are to implement the following list of commands. These commands are inputted to standard input on the management process. The command description will typically (with the exception of QUIT) interact with a locker. Your management process will be interacting with the locker through an inter-process communication method of your choosing (pipe() or mmap() ).
